Add the booster architecture introduction and diagram (#211)
boostercloud/booster: docs/README.md

- Reading entities within command handlers to apply domain-driven decisions
- and much more...

Continue reading to dig more; you've just scratched the surface of all the Booster
capabilities!

## Booster architecture

> Two patterns influence the Booster's event-driven architecture: Command-Query Responsibility Segregation ([CQRS](https://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html)) and [Event Sourcing](https://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/EventSourcing.html). Booster shines by making them play very well together. You get the benefits of joining these patterns without dealing with their pains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two patterns influence the Booster's event-driven architecture: Command-Query Responsibility Segregation ([CQRS](https://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/CQRS.html)) and [Event Sourcing](https://martinfowler.com/eaaDev/EventSourcing.html). They're complex techniques to implement from scratch with lower-level frameworks, but Booster makes them feel natural and very easy to use.
```

![architecture][booster-arch-png]

The public interface of a Booster application is just `Commands` and `ReadModels`. Booster proposes an entirely different approach to the Model-View-* and CRUD frameworks. With Booster, the clients submit commands, query the read models, or subscribe to them for receiving real-time updates thanks to the out of the box [GraphQL API][booster-graphql-api].

> Booster applications are event-driven and event-sourced so, **the source of truth is the whole history of events**. When a client submits a command, the `CommandHandler` _wakes up_ and executes its logic. Optionally, it can *register* as many `Events` as needed. The framework caches the current state by automatically *reducing* all the registered events into `Entities`.  Interested parties can *react* to events via `EventHandlers`, and finally, the *projection* functions transform the entities into `ReadModels`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Booster applications are event-driven and event-sourced so, **the source of truth is the whole history of events**. When a client submits a command, the `CommandHandler` _wakes up_ and executes its logic. Optionally, it can *register* as many `Events` as needed. The framework caches the current state by automatically *reducing* all the registered events into `Entities`. Interested parties can *react* to events via `EventHandlers`, and finally, the *projection* functions transform the entities into `ReadModels`.
```

Reviewer 2: I just remove an extra whitespace between the dot and the word `Interested`.
